README.md, before:

# My Portfolio

    ## Table of Contents:

    1. Descriptions
    2. Mock-Up
    3. Github
    4.Question

## Description

```
GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
WHEN I load their portfolio
THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
WHEN I click on the images of the applications
THEN I am taken to that deployed application
WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport
```

## Mock-Up

The following animation shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![portfolio demo](./Assests/Untitled_%20Aug%2018,%202022%206_21%20PM.gif)

## Github

https://github.com/Abou2022/my-portfolio

## Question

syllabakary2002@gmail.com

---

© 2022 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

readme update with email, github and installation

README.md, after:

# My Portfolio

    ## Table of Contents:

    1. Descriptions
    2. Installation
    3. Mock-Up
    4. Question

## Description

```
GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
WHEN I load their portfolio
THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
WHEN I click on the images of the applications
THEN I am taken to that deployed application
WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport
```

## Installation

This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically update Html and CSS.

## Mock-Up

The following animation shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![portfolio demo](./Assests/Untitled_%20Aug%2018,%202022%206_21%20PM.gif)

## Question

For any question, you can email me or reach out via Github:

- [email](mailto:syllabakary2002@gmail.com)
- [Github](https://github.com/Abou2022/my-portfolio)

---

© 2022 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
